Gleb/tokens blog (#4264)
pwa-builder/PWABuilder: apps/blog/src/posts/free-dev-account/free-dev-account.md

---
layout: post

> title: Publish your PWA to the Microsoft Store for FREE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Publish your PWA to the Microsoft Store on Windows for FREE
```

> excerpt: For a limited time and quantity, starting August 15th, the PWABuilder team is offering free developer accounts for publishing apps to the Microsoft Store to developers who have built qualifying PWAs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: For a limited time and quantity, starting August 15th, the PWABuilder team is offering free developer accounts for publishing apps to the Microsoft Store on Windows to developers who have built qualifying PWAs.
```

> description: Reach billions of customers on Windows for FREE. For a limited time and quantity, starting August 15th, the PWABuilder team is offering free developer accounts for publishing apps to the Microsoft Store to developers who have built qualifying PWAs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Reach billions of customers on Windows for FREE. For a limited time and quantity, starting August 15th, the PWABuilder team is offering free developer accounts for publishing apps to the Microsoft Store on Windows to developers who have built qualifying PWAs
```

> date: 2023-08-15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-08-16
```

> updatedDate: 2023-08-15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updatedDate: 2023-08-16
```

trending: true
featured: true
image: posts/free-dev-account/free-account-pic-3.jpg
isPost: true
backUrl: '/'
author:
  name: Gleb Khmyznikov
  twitter: https://twitter.com/khmyznikov
  title: Software Engineer
tags:
  - post
  - PWA
  - Windows
  - Microsoft Store
  - Free
---

<img alt="get a free windows developer account" src="/posts/free-dev-account/free-account-pic-1.jpg" />

> We are excited to announce a new program to empower PWA developers to bring their ideas and experiences to Windows, for FREE. For a limited time, in partnership with the Microsoft Store, Microsoft Store developer account tokens will be available (approximately $19 each) to developers that own qualifying PWAs and wish to make those available to Windows users via the Microsoft Store. Just [enter your PWA url here](https://aka.ms/getToken) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce a new program to empower PWA developers to bring their ideas and experiences to Windows, for FREE. For a limited time, in partnership with the Microsoft Store, Microsoft Store developer account tokens will be available (approximately $19 each) to developers that own qualifying PWAs and wish to make those available to Windows users via Microsoft Store. Just [enter your PWA url here](https://aka.ms/getToken) to get started.
```

---
layout: post

> title: Free Developer Accounts for Publishing PWAs to the Microsoft Store on Windows

Reviewer: What do you think about this change?

```suggestion
title: Publish your PWA to the Microsoft Store for FREE
```

> excerpt: PWABuilder team announces an exciting new initiative to support PWA developers by offering free developer account, enabling them to bring their impactful PWAs to Windows users at no cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: For a limited time and quantity, starting August 15th, the PWABuilder team is offering free developer accounts for publishing apps to the Microsoft Store to developers who have built qualifying PWAs.
```

> description: Unlock the power of Progressive Web Apps on Windows platform for FREE, with our new empowering program in collaboration with Microsoft Store, offering developer account to eager developers, opening doors to bring their innovative PWAs to the extensive Windows user base

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Reach billions of customers on Windows for FREE. For a limited time and quantity, starting August 15th, the PWABuilder team is offering free developer accounts for publishing apps to the Microsoft Store to developers who have built qualifying PWAs
```

> date: 2023-08-08

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-08-15
```

> updatedDate: 2023-08-08

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updatedDate: 2023-08-15
```

trending: true
featured: true
image: posts/free-dev-account/free-account-pic-3.jpg
isPost: true
backUrl: '/'
author:
  name: Gleb Khmyznikov
  twitter: https://twitter.com/khmyznikov
  title: Software Engineer
tags:
  - post
  - PWA
  - Windows
  - Microsoft Store
  - Free
---

<img alt="get a free windows developer account" src="/posts/free-dev-account/free-account-pic-1.jpg" />

> # Publish your PWA to the Microsoft Store for FREE
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # Free Developer Accounts for Publishing PWAs to the Microsoft Store on Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Publish your PWA to the Microsoft Store for FREE
```

> We are excited to announce a new program to empower PWA developers to bring their ideas and experiences to Windows, for FREE. For a limited time, in partnership with the Microsoft Store, Microsoft Store developer account tokens will be available (approximate value $20 each) to developers that own qualifying PWAs and wish to make those available to Windows users via the Microsoft Store. Just [enter your PWA url here](https://aka.ms/getToken) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce a new program to empower PWA developers to bring their ideas and experiences to Windows, for FREE. For a limited time, in partnership with the Microsoft Store, Microsoft Store developer account tokens will be available (approximately $19 each) to developers that own qualifying PWAs and wish to make those available to Windows users via the Microsoft Store. Just [enter your PWA url here](https://aka.ms/getToken) to get started.
```

> We are excited to announce a new program to empower PWA developers to bring their ideas and experiences to Windows, for FREE. For a limited time, in partnership with the Microsoft Store, Microsoft Store developer account tokens will be available (approximate value $20 each) to developers that own qualifying PWAs and wish to make those available to Windows users via the Microsoft Store. Just enter your PWA url [here](#) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce a new program to empower PWA developers to bring their ideas and experiences to Windows, for FREE. For a limited time, in partnership with the Microsoft Store, Microsoft Store developer account tokens will be available (approximate value $20 each) to developers that own qualifying PWAs and wish to make those available to Windows users via the Microsoft Store. Just [enter your PWA url here](https://aka.ms/getToken) to get started.
```

## Why Publish your PWA to the Microsoft Store?

> PWAs are first class applications on Windows and can be indistinguishable from apps built with native technology. To give a few examples: [Goodnotes](https://apps.microsoft.com/store/detail/goodnotes-for-windows/9N92MC09DB30), [Adobe Express](https://apps.microsoft.com/store/detail/adobe-express/9P94LH3Q1CP5), [Elk](https://apps.microsoft.com/store/detail/elk/9PNZMMXQHQZ5). In addition, the Microsoft Store is available to over one billion users on Windows 10 and 11, offering a huge reach and potential audience for your apps on Windows. By packaging and publishing your PWA to the Microsoft Store, you can increase the discoverability of your app and broaden your user base. Additionally, the Microsoft Store provides a trusted platform for users to find and install apps, giving your PWA more credibility and visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PWAs are first class applications on Windows and can be indistinguishable from apps built with native technology. In fact, some of the most popular and engaging apps on Windows today are PWAs, including [Goodnotes](https://apps.microsoft.com/store/detail/goodnotes-for-windows/9N92MC09DB30), [Adobe Express](https://apps.microsoft.com/store/detail/adobe-express/9P94LH3Q1CP5), and [Elk](https://apps.microsoft.com/store/detail/elk/9PNZMMXQHQZ5). The Microsoft Store is available to over one billion users on Windows 10 and 11, offering a huge reach and potential audience for your apps on Windows. By packaging and publishing your PWA to the Microsoft Store, you can increase the discoverability of your app and broaden your user base. Additionally, the Microsoft Store provides a trusted platform for users to find and install apps, giving your PWA more credibility and visibility.
```

## How Does it Work?

<img alt="almost there. PWA scores" src="/posts/free-dev-account/free-account-pic-2.jpg" />

> To qualify for a free developer account, your PWA must meet our quality standards. We define the requirements for a high-quality PWA, including: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting August 15th, and ending September 15th, limited number of developers that own qualifying PWAs will be able to claim a token that will enable them to create a developer account for publishing apps to the Microsoft Store for free. To qualify for a free developer account, your PWA must meet our quality standards. We define the requirements for a high-quality PWA, including: 
```

> Starting August 15th, and ending September 15th, limited number of developers that own qualifying PWAs will be able to claim a token that will enable them to create a developer account for publishing apps to the Microsoft Store for free. To qualify for a free developer account, your PWA must meet our quality standards. We define the requirements for a high-quality PWA, including: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting August 15th, and ending September 15th, limited number of developers that own qualifying PWAs will be able to claim a token that will enable them to create a developer account for publishing apps to the Microsoft Store for free. To qualify for a free developer account, your PWA must meet our quality standards, including: 
```

- Your PWA is installable from the browser, 
- Your web manifest has all requested fields that describe and define your PWA, and
- You have implemented two or more desktop integrations like shortcuts or Window controls overlay. 

By adhering to these guidelines, you can ensure that your PWA delivers great user experience across different devices and platforms. 

Once your PWA meets the quality criteria, we will provide you with a token to create a free developer account. This token eliminates the (approximately) $19 account registration fee, making it more accessible for developers to publish their apps.

<img alt="congratulations! use the code to get your account" src="/posts/free-dev-account/free-account-pic-3.jpg" />

## How to Get Started?

> To participate in this limited-time offer, simply enter your PWA URL [here](#) for evaluation using our qualification flow. Once your PWA qualifies, you will need to sign in with a Microsoft Account to claim your token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To participate in this limited-time offer, simply enter your PWA URL [here](https://aka.ms/getToken) for evaluation using our qualification flow. Once your PWA qualifies, you will need to sign in with a Microsoft Account to claim your token.
```

If your PWA qualifies, you will get a token to create a free developer account on the Microsoft Store. Our documentation provides a step-by-step guide on how to create your account and publish your PWA to the Microsoft Store.

> Take this opportunity to showcase your PWA to a wider audience and leverage the benefits of the Microsoft Store. [Start the process now](#).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take this opportunity to showcase your PWA to a wider audience and leverage the benefits of the Microsoft Store. [Start the process now](https://aka.ms/getToken).
```
